Meta project about sharing and stuff

1. Me
  * Computers, ergonomics, "data", &c.
  * I went to Prishtina for SFK, and I'm flying from there to USA
      in a week, so I took a detour to Tirana
  * Why I can whimsically spend two weeks in the Balkans
    * I don't have much stuff, and I don't have kids or anything,
        so I don't need to be anywhere in particular.
    * I don't care very much for work (more on that later).
2. My strange views on work
  * Work is overrated
    * Working more doesn't make more money. I know people who work a lot
        and a little and who make a lot and a little, and these two factors
        don't seem to matter much.
    * I haven't found any work that I particularly enjoy and that pays well;
        I think it's easier to look for fulfillment and money in different
        places, at least for me.
    * Saving money is easier than making money.
    * I like to sleep.
  * Looking for work isn't worth it.
    * I do all sorts of strange things for fun and put them on the internet.
        I also go to different places and meet people in person.
    * Once in a while, people hire me in ways that I rarely can predict.
        Usually, I met them a few years ago and they have paid attention to
        me on the internet.
    * In order to be like this, I need to have enough money saved that I
        don't have to worry if I don't make money for several months.
  * I usually don't like talking about computers.
    * Things 
3. Sharing
  * The words "open" and "free" are given all kinds of meanings today.
  * But they have something to do with sharing, and that's what I'm going
      to talk about.
  * Sharing is normal in many contexts and strange in others.
4. Agency
  * Story about the lights: I stayed with some people who had fancy light
      bulbs...
  * To him, the light bulbs were a magical thing that could be used only
      through the app.
  * I realized that there must be another way of controlling them because
      I haven't ever seen *real* magic.
5. Strange things I share
  * Anything that doesn't need to be private
    * Most of my calendar
    * Things that I find myself telling to lots of people
    * Nearly all of the software I write
  * I recently discovered that the United States military does
      [something similar](http://www.dtic.mil/dtic/pdf/customer/STINFOdata/DoD5200_1ph.pdf).
6. Advantages of sharing these things
  * Practical things
    * I don't need to remember passwords
    * I can find the things with an ordinary web search
    * I can send things to other people easily.
    * People sometimes edit them. (thomaslevine.com is a wiki.)
  * Other interesting things: Show the email.
